Release: decK 1.28 (#6420)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/deck/reference/deck_gateway_diff.md

---
title: deck gateway diff
source_url: https://github.com/Kong/deck/tree/main/cmd/gateway_diff.go
content_type: reference
---

The diff command is similar to a dry run of the `deck gateway sync` command.

It loads entities from Kong and performs a diff with
the entities in local files. This allows you to see the entities
that will be created, updated, or deleted.

## Syntax

```
deck gateway diff [command-specific flags] [global flags]
```

## Flags

`-h`, `--help`
:  help for diff 

`--json-output`
:  generate command execution report in a JSON format (Default: `false`)

`--no-mask-deck-env-vars-value`

> :  do not mask DECK_ environment variable values at diff output. (Default: `false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  do not mask DECK_ environment variable values in the diff output. (Default: `false`)
```
